I chose to include th following components in my Pac-Man Controller.

1: Arduino: power the device

2. Potentiometer: can be used to control the ghosts speed and act as a live difficulty changer. I created a top knob for it that fits around the potentiometer
to be able to turn it. These only print when the value is changed to avoid filling the serial monitor.

3. 4 Buttons: Each button can be used as a special ability to slow pacman, make pacmans controlls locked for a few
seconds, add more pellets around player, and even teleoport the player to a random location. There are buttons in TinkerCAD that print A, B, X, or Y depending
on what button is pressed.

4. Vibration Motor: to indicate when the player dies. This is toggles with a push button on TinkerCAD. I needed to use a transistor to allow for the button
to toggle the motor.

5. A Joystick so that they player can move. In TinkerCAD this is represented by 2 potentiometers. One for the X and one for the Y. These only print when the value is
changed to avoid filling the serial monitor.

6. I have included an LED that will light up when the player uses an ability. This is toggled with a push button in TinkerCAD.

7. Accelerometer/ Tilt Sensor: This will be used for tilt controls. In tinkerCAD this is represented by a Tilt Sensor. These only print when the value is
changed to avoid filling the serial monitor.


I chose these components to make PacMan not only playable, but revolutionary. Adding extra inputs to change the gameplay on the fly
will change the gaming experience completely. Especially since the player is playing as the ghost instead. 




In Fusion 360 I started by dragging in each component that I would need. I then created a shell that would house each component. After this,
I created platforms to hold each of the components in place. Once this was done, I created my TinkerCAD circuit with all of the components from Fusion
represented in a TinkerCAD circuit (As explained above). After this, I created my Assembly/Technical Drawings. Unfortunately, the LED component was not
showing up in the technical drawing. I tried to replace this with a blocked out version but it was not linking to the technical drawing when I tried. I also
has to seperate all of the components to get a better view like an exploded view for the assembly and it kept changing all of my technical drawings because of this.
So this resulted in the Assembly missing the number 5.